Issue 316:  fixing bugs (#449)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/bug-fix/once-the-fix-is-accepted.md

(once-the-bugfix-is-accepted)=
# Once the bugfix is accepted

## The acceptance email

> You'll receive an email notification that the bugfix was accepted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You receive an email notification that the bugfix was accepted:
```

tag to verification-failed-bionic. In either case, details of your
testing will help us make a better decision.

Further information regarding the verification process can be found at
https://wiki.ubuntu.com/QATeam/PerformingSRUVerification .  Thank you in
advance!

** Changed in: postfix (Ubuntu Bionic)
       Status: In Progress => Fix Committed

** Tags added: verification-needed verification-needed-bionic
```

Follow the
[build link](https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/postfix/3.3.0-1ubuntu0.1)
and make sure it's publishing to the correct place (Bionic), and that the
builds completed (green check marks).

## Proposed Migration

The fixed package first lands in the "proposed" pocket for the given release. For more details on the proposed migration process, see {ref}`proposed-migration`.

Check the "excuses" or "migration" page,
[for Bionic](https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/bionic/update_excuses.html)
in this case.

[General page](https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/proposed-migration/update_excuses.html)

Eventually, the package with your fixes will appear there (search for
`postfix` in this case). It will show the DEP-8 tests for `postfix` and

> anything that depends on it. Any tests that fail will show in red.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eventually, the package with your fixes appears there (search for
`postfix` in this case). It shows the DEP-8 tests for `postfix` and
anything that depends on it. Any tests that fail show in red.
```

```{note}
This page is generated every few minutes, and doesn't update in real-time.
```

## Bugs fixed in stable releases

The {ref}`stable-release-updates-sru` bugfix requires a bug independently verified (preferably by the person
who reported the bug), but if it sits idle too long (2 days or so), you can
verify it yourself. Follow the

> [instructions provided](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/sru/en/latest/howto/common-issues/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ref}`instructions provided <check-for-common-issues-with-your-sru>`
```

by the SRU team, which usually means changing the "verification-needed" tag

> into "verification-done".

Reviewer 2: It is probably worth clarifying that these tags are per series. E.g. `verification-needed-noble` etc.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I should have been more clear. We have actually updated our tool to stop putting the plain "verification-needed" tag all together. For some time now, we have only cared about the series specific tags.

[Pending SRU](https://ubuntu-archive-team.ubuntu.com/pending-sru.html) shows which SRUs
are pending and what their status is. Note that this includes DEP-8 test
results; if these have failed then it's unlikely the SRU team will release
the update, so it's wise to follow-up if this happens.

> Once all of the SRU's bugs have reached `verification-done` and a 7-day

Reviewer 2: I would suggest saying a "minimum 7-day aging period". Also, I would add that all autopkgtests must be passing too. You kind of say that above, but it might not be clear to new people that failing autopkgtest is a blocker.

> aging period has elapsed, and autopkgtests pass, the SRU team will move the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aging period has elapsed, and autopkgtests pass, the SRU team moves the
```

> source and binary packages into the `-updates` pocket and mark the bug task(s)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source and binary packages into the `-updates` pocket and marks the bug task(s)
```
